--move studies under researcher?

Participant user flow
Researcher user flow

QR code
	brings user to sssb.com/about
	until launch, redirect page to home; blanket redirect "/*" -> "/"

ASHA basic requirements
	domains: ssstutterbuddy, stutterbuddy
	intake Google form -- email, role
	page content:
		what is SB?
			SSStutterBuddy is a free, not-for-profit online platform that connects people who stutter (PWS) with researchers who need study participants.
			SSStutterBuddy is free and will always be free.
		for PWS: support research (and make some cash!)
			You might be surprised, but the biggest impediment to stuttering research is usually not funding, research ideas, or even technology -- it's finding enough PWS to participate in the study!
			If you (or your child) are a PWS, you can support hard-working academics as they advance our knowledge of stuttering's expression, causes, and treatments by participating in studies.
			As a nice bonus, most studies compensate participants for their time and effort. So you can do a good deed and be paid for it as well!
			SSStutterBuddy *never* shares your personal details unless *you* decide to connect with a study.
			Register today with only your first name, last initial, email and hometown!
		privacy: only vetted researchers can see P's; you will only appear as an alias until *you* decide to connect with a researcher/study
			how you are displayed -- how you are displayed to a specific researcher after you have confirmed interest in their study
			"Proud Heron -- F 27 Boston, MA" --> "Jane D. -- F 27 Boston, MA"
		for R's:
			see a list of PWS and their basic demographic information, indexed by distance from you; invite them to participate in your study
			if your study can be completed entirely online, your study will be listed on the list of digital studies, accessible by PWS anywhere

business cards
	SSStutterBuddy "support stuttering research (and earn some cash!)" "(and get paid [for it]!)"
	QR code
	"Scan QR code or see reverse to learn more"
		SSStutterBuddy is a free online platform that connects people who stutter with researchers.
		By participating in studies, you can advance our understanding of stuttering (while earning cash!)
	VistaPrint will design for $10; deal; once I have everything else iron'd out

investigate issue with Geocoder API response

sessions & current_user

-register domains
setup Heroku

dynamic Country -> State/Province -> City selection
	implement in Participant and Study
	country.nil? -? state.nil? -> city.nil?
	on country change, set state to null
	on state change, set city to null

Landing page
	about; enter email to stay in touch
	writeup: What is SSStutterBuddy?

image uploading for researcher profiles

basic styling

actual styling

written content to explain process to potential users
	R's need PWS P's, but PWS are difficult to find
	how we protect your privacy
		PWS' cannot view other PWS
		how R's see you when you are a potential match

-less important-

change title to match page
